README.md, before:

#Programming Exercises

This is a repository of solutions to programming exercises in multiple languages. Some of the 
exercises are solved multiple times in different languages. 

######Javascript
[Find if a string has all unique characters](javascript/has-all-uniq-chars.js) 

[given two strings, find if they are permutations of eachother](javascript/permutation-finder.js)

[Compress a string of alphabetical characters](javascript/string_compressor.js)

[Percent Ecnode a String, both stripping white space and keeping it](javascript/percent-encoding-string.js)

######Ruby
[Find if a binary tree is balanced](ruby/is_balanced_tree.rb)

[A very simple doubly-linked list class](ruby/linked_list.rb)

[Compress a string of alphabetical characters](ruby/string_compressor.rb)

[A Binary Tree and Node Class that automatically sorts new nods into the correct position in the tree](ruby/binary_tree.rb)

######C

[A doubly linked list](c/double_linked_list.c)

######Go
[Anagram Checker. Asks for two strings, and checks if they are anagrams of each other.](https://github.com/arelenglish/go-anagram-checker)

[A doubly linked list](go/double_linked_list.go)

######Python
[Format a text file of addresses into organized JSON output](https://github.com/arelenglish/rolodex)

Commit message:

update readme with rotate_matrix.rb

README.md, after:

#Programming Exercises

This is a repository of solutions to programming exercises in multiple languages. Some of the
exercises are solved multiple times in different languages.

######Javascript
[Find if a string has all unique characters](javascript/has-all-uniq-chars.js)

[given two strings, find if they are permutations of eachother](javascript/permutation-finder.js)

[Compress a string of alphabetical characters](javascript/string_compressor.js)

[Percent Ecnode a String, both stripping white space and keeping it](javascript/percent-encoding-string.js)

######Ruby
[Find if a binary tree is balanced](ruby/is_balanced_tree.rb)

[A very simple doubly-linked list class](ruby/linked_list.rb)

[Compress a string of alphabetical characters](ruby/string_compressor.rb)

[A Binary Tree and Node Class that automatically sorts new nods into the correct position in the tree](ruby/binary_tree.rb)

[Rotate a matrix left or right](ruby/rotate_matrix.rb)

######C

[A doubly linked list](c/double_linked_list.c)

######Go
[Anagram Checker. Asks for two strings, and checks if they are anagrams of each other.](https://github.com/arelenglish/go-anagram-checker)

[A doubly linked list](go/double_linked_list.go)

######Python
[Format a text file of addresses into organized JSON output](https://github.com/arelenglish/rolodex)
